---
layout: main
title: Minneapolis Restaurants
permalink: /restaurants/minneapolis/
---


# Northeast

[Pizza Nea][pizzanea] – “Pizza Perfection in the Neapolitan Tradition”

[Herbivorous Butcher][hb] – the first all-vegan, meat-free butcher in
the United States opened in 2016. Specializing in super small batch 100%
vegan meats and cheeses.

[Glam Doll Donuts][glamdoll-ne] – “GD-NE features expanded menu
offerings (including beer and donut pairings!), rotating art gallery,
urban-glam patio, massive pink couch, and all the flavor & flair you’ve
come to expect.”

[Crepe and Spoon][crepe-and-spoon] – “Crepe and Spoon is an ice cream
parlor and creperie in Northeast Minneapolis Minnesota, that specializes
in vegan treats.”Midway

[pizzanea]:http://www.pizzanea.com/
[hb]:https://www.theherbivorousbutcher.com/
[glamdoll-ne]:https://glamdolldonuts.com/location/northeast/
[crepe-and-spoon]:https://www.crepeandspoon.com/

# Powderhorn

[May Day Cafe][maydaycafe][^1] – “Vegan groceries and world renowned
organic, scratch made vegan food. Our menu is always changing, we never
repeat a recipe, if you want to know, you got to go.”

[Reverie Cafe + Bar][reverie] - "Reverie offers an entirely made from
scratch, plant-based menu for lunch and dinner. We have a full coffee
bar featuring all the usuals plus house made milk and tea lattes; 20 tap
lines pouring local brews, ciders, kombucha and switchel; and a
carefully curated wine menu."

[maydaycafe]:https://eurekacompassveganfood.com/
[reverie]:https://www.reveriempls.com/

# Uptown

[Fig + Farro][fig+farro] – a climate-conscious, “plant-forward”
restaurant with a focus on being environmentally friendly.

[Galactic Pizza][galactic-pizza] – a retro-style pizzeria on Lyndale
Avenue. They have vegan options and deliver pizza in a superhero outfit.
They also have indoor and outdoor dining.

[Glam Doll Donuts][glamdoll-uptown] – “This is the Dolls’ first
fantasyland featuring a photobooth, a loungy patio, and a rotating
collection of artwork from area artists.”

[moto-i][moto-i] – “moto-i Ramen and Sake House is the first sake brew
pub outside of Japan, located located at the corner of Lyndale and Lake
Street in the Lyn-Lake neighborhood.”

[New Bohemia Wurst + BierHaus][new-bohemia] – “New Bohemia Wurst and
Bier House is the transformation of a traditional bier hall into what we
like to call the “New American Craft Bier Hall” pouring 36 of the finest
local and International Craft beers in the country.”

[World Street Kitchen][wsk] – “The bright and fun brainchild of brothers
Sameh and Saed Wadi, World Street Kitchen is the year-round neighborhood
restaurant built from the popularity of their WSK food truck. Featuring
flavors from across the globe – from Asia to the Caribbean to the Mediterranean and everything in between — the restaurant serves popular staples, specials, sweets and cocktails in one friendly spot.”

[fig+farro]:https://www.figandfarro.com/
[galactic-pizza]:http://galacticpizza.com/
[glamdoll-uptown]:https://glamdolldonuts.com/location/eat-street/
[moto-i]:https://www.moto-i.com/
[new-bohemia]:https://www.newbohemiausa.com/
[wsk]:https://www.eatwsk.com/

# West Bank

[Hard Times Cafe][hard-times][^2] – a collectively-owned vegan and
vegetarian
restaurant, open 22 hours a day.

[hard-times]:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hard_Times_Cafe

[^1]: I have not personally verified that these are vegan restaurants or
	that these restaurants have vegan options.

[^2]: I was not able to find a website for Hard Times Cafe, this is a
	Wikipedia link.
